Synonyms Overview Documentation (#98202)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/analysis/tokenfilters/synonym-graph-tokenfilter.asciidoc

standard <<analysis-synonym-tokenfilter,synonym token filter>>.
===============================

[discrete]
[[analysis-synonym-graph-define-synonyms]]
==== Define synonyms sets

include::synonyms-format.asciidoc[]

[discrete]
[[analysis-synonym-graph-configure-sets]]
==== Configure synonyms sets

Synonyms can be configured using the <<synonyms-store-synonyms-api,synonyms API>>, a <<synonyms-store-synonyms-file,synonyms file>>, or directly <<synonyms-store-synonyms-inline,inlined>> in the token filter configuration.
See <<synonyms-store-synonyms,store your synonyms set>> for more details on each option.

Use `synonyms_set` configuration option to provide a synonym set created via Synonyms Management APIs:

[source,JSON]
----
  "filter": {
    "synonyms_filter": {
      "type": "synonym",

>       "synonyms_set": "my-synonym-set"

Reviewer: We also need to add "updateable: true", otherwise a user will get an error.

Reviewer: Also, good to add a note that synonyms_set option must be used with updateable: true

tokenize the synonym, this parameter is for backwards compatibility for indices that created before 6.0.
The `ignore_case` parameter works with `tokenizer` parameter only.

> See <<synonyms-define-synonyms,define your synonyms>> for the available formats to define synonyms.

Reviewer: Let's keep these files as they were in the original format!

Author: Why not updating these files with the new way of defining synonyms? I think it's important they are updated with how Synonyms API can be used, and it's an opportunity to remove some duplicated content here (synonyms format) and consolidate it in a single place. 

Is there a reason for not changing these files?

> Check the <<synonyms-define-synonyms,define your synonyms>> documentation for the available formats to define synonyms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See <<synonyms-define-synonyms>> for the available formats to define synonyms.
```
